Create math-atan2.md (#5103)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/math-module/terms/math-atan2/math-atan2.md

> ---
> Title: 'math.atan2()'
> Description: 'Takes two numeric values representing a point (x, y) and returns a float with the arc tangent of y divided by x. The resulting value will be in radians, between \pi and -\pi.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Arithmetic'
>   - 'Functions'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'math.atan2()'
Description: 'Returns the arc tangent of y/x in radians.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

Reviewer: Description should be short, the other part can be added in the introduction paragraph below.

> The **`math.atan2()`** [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/functions) in Python takes two numeric values representing a point `(x, y)` and returns a float that represents the arc tangent of `y` divided by `x`. The resulting value is in radians and ranges from `-π` to `π`.

Author: Is there a particular reason for us to refer to a float using the full terminology rather than the name most people are familiar with? Aside from that, all other changes have been made! :)

> The **`math.atan2()`** [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/functions) in Python takes two numeric values representing a point `(x, y)` and returns a `float` with the arc tangent of `y` divided by `x`. The resulting value will be in radians, between `\pi` and `-\pi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`math.atan2()`** [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/functions) in Python takes two numeric values representing a point `(x, y)` and returns a float that represents the arc tangent of `y` divided by `x`. The resulting value is in radians and ranges from `-π` to `π`.
```

Reviewer: reframed it to be more readable.

## Syntax

```pseudo
math.atan2(y, x)
```

- `y`: A numeric value (`int` or `float`) representing the `y` coordinate of the point.
- `x`: A numeric value (`int` or `float`) representing the `x` coordinate of the point.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

> Note: The function takes the y-coordinate (`y`) as the first parameter and the x-coordinate (`x`) as the second.

```

## Example

> In the example below, the `math.atan2()` function is used to return the arc tangent of a point:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `math.atan2()` function is used to return the arc tangent of a point `(5, 6)`:
```

> - `y`: A numeric value (`int` or `float`) representing the `y` coordinate of a point `(x, y)`.
> - `x`: A numeric value (`int` or `float`) representing the `x` coordinate of a point `(x, y)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `y`: A numeric value (`int` or `float`) representing the `y` coordinate of the point.
- `x`: A numeric value (`int` or `float`) representing the `x` coordinate of the point.
```

> In the example below, the `math.atan2()` function is used to return the arc tangent of a point `(5, 6)`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `math.atan2()` function is used to return the arc tangent of a point:
```

```py
import math

print(math.atan2(6, 5))
```

The above code gives the following output:

```shell
0.8760580505981934
```

## Codebyte Example

> The following codebyte example demonstrates how the `math.atan2()` function works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following codebyte example to understand how the `math.atan2()` function works:
```
